Update connect-slack-to-microsoft-cloud-app-security.md with two notes. (#396)
MicrosoftDocs/CloudAppSecurityDocs: CloudAppSecurityDocs/connect-slack-to-microsoft-cloud-app-security.md

    >
    > * The first connection can take up to 4 hours to get all users and their activities in the 7 days before the connection.
    > * After the connector’s **Status** is marked as **Connected**, the connector is live and works.

>     > * The received activities are from Slack Audit Log API. You can find them in [Slack docmentation](https://api.slack.com/admins/audit-logs#audit_logs_actions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > * The received activities are from the Slack Audit Log API. You can find them in the [Slack documentation](https://api.slack.com/admins/audit-logs#audit_logs_actions).
```

>     > * **Send Slack message** activity is an activity that can be recieved from [Conditional Access App Control](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cloud-app-security/proxy-deployment-aad), and not from Slack API connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > * **Send Slack message** activity is an activity that can be received from [Conditional Access App Control](proxy-deployment-aad.md), and not from the Slack API connector.
```
